ServerBackerUpper is a Bukkit based plugin which is used to make a backup of your entire server.      
This will include all config files, worlds, plugins (and plugin data).      
This can be used to have a quick download of your entire server in one simple ZIP file.

# INFO
## Requirements:
- Java 17+
- Bukkit based server (Tested on Paper, but this should run on CraftBukkit and Spigot)

## Ignored Folders/Files
- Directory `/libraries/` = This folder is ignored as they're generated by the server on load anyways.
- Directory `/versions/` = This folder is ignored as it contains jars built by the server, which will generate on load anyways.
- Files ending with `.tmp` = These are ignored as they threw errors with Spark. I doubt anyone will need a "temp" file
- File `server-backup.zip` = This is the file that is generated by the plugin, no need to back it up again

## How To Install:
- Throw in your `/plugins/` folder
- Start/Restart your server

## How To Use:
- If your server has been running for a while after install it is advised to run `/save-all` to make sure all worlds are saved
- It is recommended to kick all players and whitelist your server (to make sure no progress was lost after backup)
- Run the command `/zipbackup`
- Wait (this can take a while depending on the size of your server files as well as how good your server's CPU is
- When it is done, you will get a message telling you its done and how long it took.
- You will now see a file in your main server directory called `server-backup.zip`

## NOTES:
- This runs off the main thread, so your server won't freeze. That said, it's best not to move around and have files changing whilst the server is attempting to backup
- It's best to just not have any players on your server while this is running
- On Minehut, you will most likely have to keep at least 1 player online, to prevent your server from hibernating
